Hey big brother
When did you meet the Emperor?
Why don't we know?
Haven't you all seen it?
Ah you forgot
When I first went to Guozijian
Standing next to the witness, Lord Li of the Ministry of Punishment is the current Emperor
He is the king
You're going to lose your head looking at the emperor outside
OK
I know you have a lot of questions
But this is not the place to talk
Wait until we get back.
Hmm, big brother, big brother, you are finally back.
You don't know that in the few days you've been away
Something big has happened in our house
We know that.
Isn't it the big brother who is the official?
Ah, big brother, you are an official.
Don't you know that my brother didn't tell you before he left?
I don't know.
Big brother just asked me to find the traitor
Let me tell them where you are
What do you mean by big joy?
Father woke up
Really. Hmm.